Add a short paragraph to explain dbg forwarding, fixes #7061 (#7063)
roc-lang/roc: www/content/tutorial.md

dbg Str.concat singular plural
```

> You can also use `dbg` inside an expression: it will print its input to stderr and return it to the caller. For example:

Reviewer: Use of the indefinite article here is a bit imprecise 
```
it will print its input to stderr and return it to the caller
^^ dbg        ^^^ dbg                        ^^ input
```
What about
```suggestion
You can also use `dbg` as a function inside an expression, which will print the function argument to stderr and then return the argument to the caller. For example:
```

Reviewer: `dbg` isn't actually a function, but it has similar parsing rules when you use it as an expression so I think "as a function" is helpful. For example the tutorial uses the example `dbg Str.concat singular plural`, but in expression position that would have to be `dbg (Str.concat singular plural)`.

> ```roc
> inc = \n -> 1 + dbg n
> ```
> 

Reviewer: Would it be worthwhile to describe what happens when you call `inc`? Something like

````suggestion
```roc
inc = \n -> 1 + dbg n
```

If we call this function as `inc (inc (inc 0))`, the value of `n` will be printed to stderr three times as `0`, `1`, and `2`, before the expression finally returns `3`.

````

Reviewer: I also think it would be fine to do `inc = \n -> (dbg n) + 1`  and just not mention operator precedence. Not a big deal though.
